[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #3 (#205)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/trimSpace.md

# $trimSpace
Removes all leading and trailing white-space characters from the provided text.

## Syntax
```
$trimSpace[Text]
```

### Parameters

> - `Text` : The text which needs white-space characters removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Text` : The text from which the white-space characters will be removed.
```
